https://www.channelnewsasia.com/international - Leaset Biased - High
https://www.straitstimes.com/global - Least Biased - High
https://tnp.straitstimes.com/ - Right-Center Bias - High
https://sg.news.yahoo.com/ - Left-Centre Bias - High
https://sg.news.yahoo.com/ - Left-Center Bias - High
https://gutzy.asia/ - Left Bias - High
https://www.singaporenews.net/ - Left Bias - High
https://theindependent.sg/ - Least Biased - High
https://www.zaobao.com.sg/global - Least Biased - High
https://www.nytimes.com/ - Left-Center Bias - High
https://www.cnn.com/ - Left Bias - High
https://www.bbc.com/news - extreme bias - High
https://www.theguardian.com/ - Left-Center Bias - High
https://www.reuters.com/ - Least Biased - High
https://www.washingtonpost.com/ - Left-Center Bias - High
https://www.aljazeera.com/ - Left-Center Bias - High
https://www.npr.org/ - Left-Center Bias - High
https://www.wsj.com/ - Right-Center Bias - High
https://www.cnbc.com/ - Left-Center Bias - High
https://www.foxnews.com/ - extreme bias - High
https://www.nbcnews.com/ - Left-Center Bias - High
https://www.huffpost.com/ - Left Bias - High
https://www.usatoday.com/ - Left-Center Bias - High
https://www.politico.com/ - Left-Center Bias - High
https://au.news.yahoo.com/ - Left-Center Bias - High
https://www.latimes.com/ - Left-Center Bias - High
https://www.newsmax.com/ - extreme bias - High
https://nypost.com/ - Right-Center Bias - High
https://www.abc.net.au/news - Left Biased - High
https://www.breitbart.com/news/ - Left-Center Bias - High
https://www.newsweek.com/ - Right-Center Bias - High
https://www.chicagotribune.com/ - Right-Center Bias - High
https://www.salon.com/ - Left Bias - High
https://www.boston.com/ - LEFT-CENTER BIAS - High
https://www.seattletimes.com/ - Left-Center Bias - High
https://www.mercurynews.com/news/weather/ - Least Biased - High
https://ktla.com/ - Least Biased - High
https://www.washingtontimes.com/ - extreme bias - High
https://chicago.suntimes.com/ - Left-Center Bias - High
https://theintercept.com/ - Left-Center Bias - High
https://abc13.com/ - Left-Center Bias - High
https://www.kxan.com/ - LEAST BIASED - High
https://gothamist.com/ - Left-Center Bias - High
https://www.laweekly.com/ - LEFT BIAS - High
https://www.theguardian.com/observer - Least Biased - High
https://www.kron4.com/ - LEAST BIASED- High
https://www.bostonherald.com/ - Right-Center Bias - High
https://www.autonews.com/ - Least Biased - High
https://www.phillyvoice.com/ - LEFT-CENTER BIAS - High
